KAN-246: Update README (#196)
BabyTracker461/BabyTracker: README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  View past entries in a "Logs" or "Calendar" section.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run the regression test suite and inform you of how many tests are passing or failing. Updates to the test suite can be done in the `/test` folder. All pull requests to the repository must pass these tests before they can be merged into the `main` branch.
```

*   **Animation:** React Native Reanimated

## User Manual/Documentation
SimpleBaby allows users to record and view various activities and milestones for their baby.

**Key Functions:**

> *   **Logging Activities:** Users can log events such as feedings (type, amount, duration), sleep periods (start and end times), diaper changes (type), developmental milestones (including photo uploads).

Reviewer: Maybe also mention nursing and health logs here?

> *   **Viewing Logs:** A history of logged events can be viewed, typically in a chronological list or potentially summarized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **Viewing Logs:** A history of logged events can be viewed in a chronological list.
```

*   **Calendar:** Users can view a monthly calendar that details logs they have created for each day.

> *   **Child Management:** Users will be able to add, remove, and switch between profiles to log info for multiple children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **Child Management:** Users can add, remove, and switch between profiles to log info for multiple children.
```

## Known Issues and Future Enhancements List
The following are missing features or known issues, both big and small, that would improve the experience of using the app:

*   [ ] Guest mode (local only)
    *   Dependencies: [local db]
*   [ ] Back button fix on android
*   [ ] Add custom popup alerts framework
*   [ ] Add child management screens (add, remove, switch)
*   [ ] Add caretaker account option (and caretaker permission manager)

> *   [ ] Add change password, change email, forgot password

Reviewer: This hasn't been implemented yet, perhaps it should stay in the README?

Author: They're still in there, I just reworded them in a new bullet point

Reviewer: Ah, I see!

*   [ ] Fix time picker label in sleep tracker displaying incorrect label in android
*   [ ] Improve implementation of reset field in sleep tracker (requires modularization of all components)
*   [ ] Log editing feature
    *   Dependencies: [db syncing, local db]
*   [ ] Add milestones (s3 buckets for video and photo storage)
*   [ ] Make choose time drop down smoother
*   [ ] Add account management features (i.e., change password, change email, forgot password)
*   [ ] Add splash screen
*   [ ] Add logo
*   [ ] Add sound effects

> *   [ ] Add sound effect settings

Reviewer: Should these be kept in some form? ("finish implementing..."?)

Author: I think we're okay to remove these -- Alex mentioned that he doesn't think he wants/needs sound effects in the app, so I feel like we're good to remove these from the list

> *   [ ] `KeyboardAvoidingView` causing scrolling issues when creating logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   [ ] Use of `isTyping` state and `translate-y` tailwind class causing scrolling issues when creating logs
```

> 

Reviewer: Another possible item could be 'Add loading indicators for async button presses'
